CLI dev mode (#436)
scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Pull Request Process

We follow the ["fork-and-pull" Git workflow](https://github.com/susam/gitpr)

1. Fork the repo
2. Clone the project
3. Create a new branch with a descriptive name
4. Commit your changes to the new branch
5. Push changes to your fork
6. Open a PR in our repository and tag one of the maintainers to review your PR

Here are some tips for a high-quality pull request:

- Create a title for the PR that accurately defines the work done.
- Structure the description neatly to make it easy to consume by the readers. For example, you can include bullet points and screenshots instead of having one large paragraph.
- Add the link to the issue if applicable.
- Have a good commit message that summarises the work done.

Once you submit your PR:

- We may ask questions, request additional information or ask for changes to be made before a PR can be merged. Please note that these are to make the PR clear for everyone involved and aims to create a frictionless interaction process.
- As you update your PR and apply changes, mark each conversation resolved.

Once the PR is approved, we'll "squash-and-merge" to keep the git commit history clean.

## Developer Guide

> You can find a detailed guide on [`contributors/DEVELOPER-GUIDE.md`](https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2/blob/cli-dev-mode/contributors/DEVELOPER-GUIDE.md)

Author: ```suggestion
You can find a detailed guide on [`contributors/DEVELOPER-GUIDE.md`](contributors/DEVELOPER-GUIDE.md)

```

#### Pull Request Process

We follow the ["fork-and-pull" Git workflow](https://github.com/susam/gitpr)

1. Fork the repo
2. Clone the project
3. Create a new branch with a descriptive name
4. Commit your changes to the new branch
5. Push changes to your fork
6. Open a PR in our repository and tag one of the maintainers to review your PR

Here are some tips for a high-quality pull request:

- Create a title for the PR that accurately defines the work done.
- Structure the description neatly to make it easy to consume by the readers. For example, you can include bullet points and screenshots instead of having one large paragraph.
- Add the link to the issue if applicable.
- Have a good commit message that summarises the work done.

Once you submit your PR:

- We may ask questions, request additional information or ask for changes to be made before a PR can be merged. Please note that these are to make the PR clear for everyone involved and aims to create a frictionless interaction process.
- As you update your PR and apply changes, mark each conversation resolved.

Once the PR is approved, we'll "squash-and-merge" to keep the git commit history clean.

## Developer Guide

> You can find a detailed guide on `contributors/DEVELOPER-GUIDE.md` (TODO add link once published
> )

Author: ```suggestion
You can find a detailed guide on [`contributors/DEVELOPER-GUIDE.md`](https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2/blob/cli-dev-mode/contributors/DEVELOPER-GUIDE.md)
```
